website: fix British spellings flagged by cspell (#22818)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/developer-docs/docs/style-guide.mdx

### Language

> The documentation uses **American English** spelling conventions (e.g., "customize" instead of "customize").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation uses **American English** spelling conventions (e.g., "...ize" instead of "...ise").
```
